hi so Gemini's a murder mystery that
takes place in Los Angeles and you can
kind of think of it like Mulholland
Drive but without all of the swerving
neon demon with its lights Nightcrawler
with its eeriness and I personally would
give it a run tit that might have been
higher if it weren't so obsessed with LA
let me explain so Zoe Kravitz plays one
of those actresses who wants like every
other day to be a mental health day
she's got an assistant who does all her
dirty work like dropping out of films
last second and she's pretty much
upsetting a lot of people around her one
night a fan stalks her just to get a
picture that night Zoe also asked her
assistant for a gun since she's got a
crazy ex calling her up and then the
next day girl be dead
so John Cho shows up and he's got to
figure some stuff out
one is it the assistant who killed her
since her fingerprints are obviously on
the gun too could it be the kpop star
friend that they got who's super famous
but also happens to have the missing
coins in her house three is it the angry
boyfriend who was leaving mad voicemails
for the writer who was ditched last
second on its project or the crazy fan
and why are there so many shots of LA
looking like a damn tourist promo we
don't follow the assistant so she buys a
wig and and a hat and glasses too I
don't know Clark Kent herself she's
leaking into a hotel room dipping on the
cops there's 20 more pans of aller and
then all of a sudden it's reported on
the news that the body wasn't even Zoe's
how yeah we're just gonna take this
super famous girls body and no one's
even gonna ID here on the scene or at
least you know look at her face
the assistant then decides to go to a
mountain retreat home that was actually
mentioned earlier in the movie where dun
dun dun she finds her chill like Tupac
out in Cuba now we got ourselves two
options right two little theories that
have been going on was this crazy fan
really stalking Zoe and then she shot
her out of fear when she went into her
house and then fled to the retreat in
order to avoid all of the drama or
considering that they both shared this
Gemini tattoo some can see it as this
being a crazy fan giving her life so her
idol could be free I mean if we're
looking at the story behind the
constellation that could definitely be
the case quick note to Kanye Depp Tupac
and Trump they all share the same sign
which is a Gemini anyways the
consolation story revolves around
these two twins who were regarded as
minor gods in Greek mythology one of
them actually being known as the one who
was risen from the underworld what she
kinda is pretty much one was known as
being immortal while the other one was
mortal and died and the one twin who's
still alive goes up to his dad and as I
yell let him live and then he made them
both star so they can shine bright like
a diamond so you can see Zoe as using
this crazy fan as an excuse
maybe if ADA was actually in cahoots
with her that's why the fan not only had
a similar tattoo or was completely
obsessed with her but showed up that
night to take that instagram picture in
order to show that she was being stalked
so when she appeared it wasn't that
weird for the cops I think it was her
that's why the Asian friend took the
coin since this was something that was
already being planned that's why she
dropped out of the movie and that's why
she already had a place to stay a
retreat that they were going to go to
it's the story of a look-alike or kind
of look-alike giving up her life so that
the other can be immortal either way she
pretty much becomes a legend because you
know tabloids are gonna eat that stuff
up like think about what would happen if
a Hollywood star today got murdered and
it got all this crazy attention now
imagine how much crazier would be if
that star came back from the dead like
brought if Selena came back tomorrow
she's out doing bait chela in a second
in the end
Zoe gets interviewed for her comeback
show pretty much drops the case the
assistants seems to accept the fact that
she's back and at least has a job again
and the movie leaves you to ponder with
a one-minute long take of Los Angeles we
get it your love alight we'll visit it
thank you guys for checking out this
video as always I'm curious to know your
thoughts not below in the comment
section there's a good movie I like I
said it's rented because it's better to
watch at home mainly because it's on a
very big limited release but I wanted to
cover it for those who weren't aware
about it for those who had some thoughts
on the ending like I would say there's
two theories that you can go with I
definitely think that the the superfan
was a part of it was giving up her life
goes with the story of the constellation
with a little clothes that were hinted
in there other than that let me know
your thoughts down below in the comments
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and I'll send you a free trip to LA